fix: fix precision timestamp link (#4603)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.4/write-data/developer-tools/api.md

|:-----------          |:----------                                               |
| Organization         | Use the `org` query parameter in your request URL.       |
| Bucket               | Use the `bucket` query parameter in your request URL.    |

> | Timestamp precision  | Use the [`precision`](/influxdb/v2.4/tools/influxql-shell/#precision) query parameter in your request URL. Default is `ns`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Timestamp precision  | Use the [`precision`](/influxdb/v2.4/write-data/developer-tools/line-protocol/#timestamp-precision) query parameter in your request URL. Default is `ns`. |
```
